README.md, before:

# Society: Rebirth

## About
A world that is filled with the husks of once-great cities. It's up to you to find their lost treasures and attempt to rebuild.

## Versioning
Minecraft: v1.12.2 (modded)\
Forge: v14.23.3.2691


## Mods Included
Mod | Version | Note
--- | ------- | -------
[Agricraft](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/agricraft) | v2.12.0-1.12.0-a4 | 
[AppleSkin](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/appleskin) | v1.0.9 |
[AutoRegLib](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/autoreglib) | v1.3-17 |
[Better Questing](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/better-questing) | v3.5.256 |
[Better Questing - Quest Book](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/better-questing-quest-book) | v3.1.1 |
[Better Questing - Standard Expansion](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/better-questing-standard-expansion) | v3.4.141 |
[Better Title Screen](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/better-title-screen) | v1.4b |
[BetterFps](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/betterfps) | v1.4.8 | 
[BiblioCraft](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/bibliocraft) | v2.4.3 |                   
[Biomes O' Plenty](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/biomes-o-plenty) | v7.0.1.2387 |
[Chameleon](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/chameleon) | v4.1.3 |                         
[Chisel](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/chisel) | v0.2.0.31 |
[ClayBucket](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/clay-bucket) | v1.1 |
[CodeChicken Lib](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/codechicken-lib-1-8) | v3.1.8.341 | 
[CoFH Core](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/cofhcore) | v4.4.1.12 |
[CoFH World](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/cofh-world) | 1.1.1.12 |
[ConnectedTexturesMod](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/ctm) | v0.2.3.12 | 
[CoroUtil](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/coroutil) | v1.2.7 | 
[CraftTweaker](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/crafttweaker) | v4.1.8 |
[Cucumber Library](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/cucumber) | v1.1.0 |
[CustomStarterGear](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/custom-starter-gear) | v1.2.0.9 |
[Default Options](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/default-options) | v9.2.7
[DefaultWorldGenerator (port)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/default-world-generator-port) | v2.3 |
[EnderIO](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/ender-io) | v5.0.24 |
[EnderCore](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/endercore) | v0.5.22 | 
[Extra Utilities](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/extra-utilities) | v1.7.6 |
[Fast Leaf Decay](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/fast-leaf-decay) | v14 |
[GraveStone Mod](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/gravestone-mod) | 1.10.1 |
[HardcoreDarkness](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/hardcore-darkness) | v2.0 |
[Hwyla](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/hwyla) | v1.8.25-B40 |
[InfinityLib](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/infinitylib) | v1.12.0 | 
[IronBackpacks](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/iron-backpacks) | v3.0.7-10 |
[Iron Chests](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/iron-chests) | v7.0.42.827 | 
[JourneyMap](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/journeymap) | v5.5.2 |
[Just Enough HarvestCraft (JEHC)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/just-enough-harvestcraft) | v1.5.0.0 |
[Just Enough Items (JEI)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/jei) | v4.9.1.175 |
[Just Enough Resources (JER)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/just-enough-resources-jer) | v0.8.6.28 |
[Lost Souls](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/lost-souls) | v1.1.4 | Server-side Only
[MalisisCore](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/malisiscore) | v6.4.0 |
[MalisisDoors](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/malisisdoors) | v7.3.0 |
[Mantle](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/mantle) | v1.3.2.24 |
[Mekanism](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/mekanism) | v9.4.10.345 |
[Mekanism Generators](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/mekanism-generators) | v9.4.10.345 | 
[Morpheus](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/morpheus) | v3.3.2 | Server-side Only
[MouseTweaks](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/mouse-tweaks) | v2.8 |
[Mystical Agradditions](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/mystical-agradditions) | v1.2.8 | 
[Mystical Agriculture](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/mystical-agriculture) | v1.6.9 | 
[OpenBlocks](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/openblocks) | v1.7.6 |
[OpenModsLib](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/openmodslib) | v0.11.5 |
[Ore Excavation](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/ore-excavation) | v1.4.118 |
[Pam's HarvestCraft](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/pams-harvestcraft) | v1.12.2t |
[Quark](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/quark) | r1.4-123 | 
[Redstone Flux](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/redstone-flux) | v2.0.1.2 |
[Storage Drawers](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/storage-drawers) | v5.3.6 |
[Storage Drawers Extras](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/storage-drawers-extras) | v3.1.0 |
[The Lost Cities](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/the-lost-cities) | v2.0.7 | Server-side Only
[Thermal Expansion](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/thermalexpansion) | v5.4.2.27 |
[Thermal Foundation](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/thermal-foundation) | v2.4.1.15 |
[Tinker I/O](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/tinker-i-o) | v2.6.1 |
[Tinkered Hegemony](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/tinkered-hegemony) | 0.1.1 |
[Tinkers' Construct](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/tinkers-construct) | v2.9.1.65 |
[Tinkers Tool Leveling](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/tinkers-tool-leveling) | v1.0.4 | 
[Waila Harvestability](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/waila-harvestability) | v1.1.12 |
[Wawla](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/wawla-what-are-we-looking-at) | v2.5.253 |
[Zombie Awareness](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/zombie-awareness) | v1.11.12 |

## Recommended Mods
OptiFine


## Additional Info

Commit message:

add logo reference to readme

README.md, after:

# Society: Rebirth

## About
A world that is filled with the husks of once-great cities. It's up to you to find their lost treasures and attempt to rebuild.

## Versioning
Minecraft: v1.12.2 (modded)\
Forge: v14.23.3.2691


## Mods Included
Mod | Version | Note
--- | ------- | -------
[Agricraft](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/agricraft) | v2.12.0-1.12.0-a4 | 
[AppleSkin](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/appleskin) | v1.0.9 |
[AutoRegLib](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/autoreglib) | v1.3-17 |
[Better Questing](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/better-questing) | v3.5.256 |
[Better Questing - Quest Book](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/better-questing-quest-book) | v3.1.1 |
[Better Questing - Standard Expansion](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/better-questing-standard-expansion) | v3.4.141 |
[Better Title Screen](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/better-title-screen) | v1.4b |
[BetterFps](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/betterfps) | v1.4.8 | 
[BiblioCraft](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/bibliocraft) | v2.4.3 |                   
[Biomes O' Plenty](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/biomes-o-plenty) | v7.0.1.2387 |
[Chameleon](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/chameleon) | v4.1.3 |                         
[Chisel](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/chisel) | v0.2.0.31 |
[ClayBucket](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/clay-bucket) | v1.1 |
[CodeChicken Lib](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/codechicken-lib-1-8) | v3.1.8.341 | 
[CoFH Core](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/cofhcore) | v4.4.1.12 |
[CoFH World](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/cofh-world) | 1.1.1.12 |
[ConnectedTexturesMod](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/ctm) | v0.2.3.12 | 
[CoroUtil](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/coroutil) | v1.2.7 | 
[CraftTweaker](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/crafttweaker) | v4.1.8 |
[Cucumber Library](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/cucumber) | v1.1.0 |
[CustomStarterGear](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/custom-starter-gear) | v1.2.0.9 |
[Default Options](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/default-options) | v9.2.7
[DefaultWorldGenerator (port)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/default-world-generator-port) | v2.3 |
[EnderIO](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/ender-io) | v5.0.24 |
[EnderCore](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/endercore) | v0.5.22 | 
[Extra Utilities](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/extra-utilities) | v1.7.6 |
[Fast Leaf Decay](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/fast-leaf-decay) | v14 |
[GraveStone Mod](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/gravestone-mod) | 1.10.1 |
[HardcoreDarkness](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/hardcore-darkness) | v2.0 |
[Hwyla](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/hwyla) | v1.8.25-B40 |
[InfinityLib](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/infinitylib) | v1.12.0 | 
[IronBackpacks](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/iron-backpacks) | v3.0.7-10 |
[Iron Chests](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/iron-chests) | v7.0.42.827 | 
[JourneyMap](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/journeymap) | v5.5.2 |
[Just Enough HarvestCraft (JEHC)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/just-enough-harvestcraft) | v1.5.0.0 |
[Just Enough Items (JEI)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/jei) | v4.9.1.175 |
[Just Enough Resources (JER)](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/just-enough-resources-jer) | v0.8.6.28 |
[Lost Souls](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/lost-souls) | v1.1.4 | Server-side Only
[MalisisCore](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/malisiscore) | v6.4.0 |
[MalisisDoors](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/malisisdoors) | v7.3.0 |
[Mantle](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/mantle) | v1.3.2.24 |
[Mekanism](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/mekanism) | v9.4.10.345 |
[Mekanism Generators](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/mekanism-generators) | v9.4.10.345 | 
[Morpheus](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/morpheus) | v3.3.2 | Server-side Only
[MouseTweaks](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/mouse-tweaks) | v2.8 |
[Mystical Agradditions](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/mystical-agradditions) | v1.2.8 | 
[Mystical Agriculture](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/mystical-agriculture) | v1.6.9 | 
[OpenBlocks](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/openblocks) | v1.7.6 |
[OpenModsLib](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/openmodslib) | v0.11.5 |
[Ore Excavation](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/ore-excavation) | v1.4.118 |
[Pam's HarvestCraft](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/pams-harvestcraft) | v1.12.2t |
[Quark](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/quark) | r1.4-123 | 
[Redstone Flux](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/redstone-flux) | v2.0.1.2 |
[Storage Drawers](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/storage-drawers) | v5.3.6 |
[Storage Drawers Extras](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/storage-drawers-extras) | v3.1.0 |
[The Lost Cities](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/the-lost-cities) | v2.0.7 | Server-side Only
[Thermal Expansion](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/thermalexpansion) | v5.4.2.27 |
[Thermal Foundation](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/thermal-foundation) | v2.4.1.15 |
[Tinker I/O](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/tinker-i-o) | v2.6.1 |
[Tinkered Hegemony](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/tinkered-hegemony) | 0.1.1 |
[Tinkers' Construct](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/tinkers-construct) | v2.9.1.65 |
[Tinkers Tool Leveling](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/tinkers-tool-leveling) | v1.0.4 | 
[Waila Harvestability](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/waila-harvestability) | v1.1.12 |
[Wawla](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/wawla-what-are-we-looking-at) | v2.5.253 |
[Zombie Awareness](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/zombie-awareness) | v1.11.12 |

## Recommended Mods
OptiFine - this is STRONGLY recommended with included darkness mods


## Other Credits
Logo Source: [MichaelGaida](https://pixabay.com/en/lost-places-leave-decay-old-ruin-3362259/)
